months ago I told you guys that I was in
love with the new 360 HZ OLED gaming
monitors I swear guys I cannot click
heads like that and yet there it is but
as you can see I never pulled the
trigger well Asus found out and
sponsored this video with something even
better an OLED monitor with a 480 HZ
refresh rate like the other 480 HZ
monitor that we looked at a few months
ago this thing should have absolutely
wild image Clarity thanks to its near
instant pixel respon times but unlike
that display we're not limited to 1080p
if we want to go fast that's right guys
the Rog Swift OLED pg27 aqp is a true
endgame Esports display 27 in 1440p and
zero compromises if I want to pop some
heads but first we got to get this old
monitor out of here look speed
ke oh my God I I thought you were going
to be Tails they didn't have any Tails
costumes so I instead the greatest
scientific genius in the world all right
well it's too late to fix this now it's
de and jam time let's do it to it well
when you say it that way it's
showtime I got to go
[Music]
fast are you ready to get rid of this
old monitor to be clear this is a really
nice display yeah 1440p Ultra wide 240
HZ but nothing has ever made me feel
like a gaming God the way those 360 HZ
displays did and I want to try it at
home so yep sorry Flex it's time for you
to wait do do the trick one more time do
the trick one more time before you put
it away you got to flatten it for the
Box oh yeah it feels so so wrong every
time and then even going back yeah I
know where you putting it I don't even
know where you're taking it I don't know
I back to the office I guess
to be clear everything we're seeing here
is something we've seen before 500 HZ
monitors exist OLED monitors exist and
1440p monitors exist we've just never
seen all of those things in the same
place so unlike the previous High
refresh rate King we're not compromising
on image quality with Inky blacks and
support for HDR and unlike the last 480
HZ OLED we looked at this one isn't
limited to about 70 pixels per inch when
we're running in high refresh rate mode
instead it's closer to 110 which will be
a noticeable difference in image
sharpness it uses a w OLED panel from LG
with micr lens array plus technology
which they claim offers 20% wider
viewing angles than before and clearer
text with less color fringing thanks to
clear pixel Edge and they've got a
custom heat sink to help reduce the risk
of burning and it comes with a
three-year warranty they didn't mention
this but I will because it's not using a
CU OED you also don't get that purple
Hue that uh he has to put up with it's
fine you never see it when the lights
are off it doesn't matter he's actually
not wrong I'm just I love teasing now as
I go through and swap out my magnetic
Cable Management LTT store.com there is
a small elephant in the room without DSC
or display stream compression 1440p 480
HZ is about 70 GB per second meanwhile
the cables in my wall are display port
1.4 which is limited to 32 GB per second
that's not exactly close so what do we
do about that an obvious answer might be
to use HDMI 2.1 except for two small
problems that's also not enough
bandwidth only 48 GB per second and I
don't have any HDMI 2.1 cables embedded
in my walls I could look into swapping
out the display port cables in my walls
DP 2.1 uh2 would support this refresh
rate and resolution natively except that
there are no gaming gpus on the market
today that support the standard and and
even some upcoming ones are rumored to
fall short that means that regardless of
how we feel about compression we are
stuck with DSC for those of you who are
familiar this will be a review but for
everyone else DSC is a Vasa made video
compression algorithm that is supposedly
visually lossless that compresses each
frame to save on bandwidth but what
visually lossless means is that when
they conducted trials observers couldn't
tell the difference between the full fat
reference image and the the compressed
one more than 75% of the time I worry
that I might be in that 25% especially
for some of the higher compression
ratios if you ever want to learn more
about which interfaces support which
resolutions and refresh rate by the way
glenwing on the LTT Forum posted a great
calculator years ago that you can use as
a reference all right let's see how this
goes man that looks good another Factor
we haven't talked about yet plof is that
when you're at the very edges of the
maximum distances supported by these
standards even if it should
theoretically work it might not I have
fiber to the wall plate and then I have
wall plate to the Monitor and it's been
borderline sometimes oh yeah I might
have to go get one of those little brush
pass through wall plates and use that
instead okay I just don't like them cuz
they're ugly it's only running at 60 HZ
right now so that's not encouraging it's
just as the stone tablets predicted also
uh sometimes this does look a bit bad
like but yeah that banding is awful
uh-oh this is trouble 60 HZ I mean it's
going to try to do
480 it's available in the drop down keep
changes it's doing it oh she's
definitely doing it the banding though
does it change the DSC mode like can you
can you control that DC support yep
there's a toggle so we can see if that
banding is caused by DSC or not the
answer is it did not can you still go to
480 what's it capping out at now oh no
way cuz you disabled the SC right 240
yeah okay okay so it's probably a pretty
high compression ratio considering this
is display port and we're getting what
32 gigs uh gigabit per second yeah HDMI
2.1 really might be worth it cuz it goes
up to 48 gbit per second I do
technically have an HDMI 2.1 cable that
we could fish through the wall let's see
if you can even play any games okay at
480 frames per second all right let's
try a game dude it is amazing how
responsive a system feels when you've
got this kind of refresh rate this kind
of latency it's freaking crazy look I'm
not taking responsibility for that I had
a shotgun yeah get them while he turned
around nice I'm sure it could be a
little bit on the brighter side but when
we're looking at the latency numbers
guys this
is I hesitate to use the p word but good
lord it's almost
perfect oh that was close me no that
wasn't that close
[Music]
damn
it damn it I hit him four times bloody
hell oh my
God where'd that even come from behind
you
oh this is why it takes so long for us
to film videos that was fun but it's
time to acknowledge the uncomfortable
truth of buying a monitor like this
you're probably going to need a new pc
as well now back when I saw the pricing
of nvidia's 40 series I vowed to not
upgrade to them to send a message that I
felt that this generation was a skip but
I never vowed to not use them in our
videos so let's throw a 4090 rig at this
thing and see what the gaming experience
is like this will also be an opportunity
to try out HDMI 2.1 and see if that
makes a visual difference although based
on what I've seen so far I'm kind of
doubting it I mean this is a completely
different wallpaper so we're obviously
not able to look for you know bending
the same way we were before but what we
can do is fire up Counter Strike here we
go let's see what a 4090 and a 7800 x3d
can do good Lord is that smooth ultimate
power now you're speaking my language
dude I have no excuses the motion
Clarity is so good look at this I know
that's wild this is
crazy yeah yeah let's go buddy oh man
she's so she's so smooth smooth buddy
yeah it's just instant yeah like you you
180 and it's just clear instantly dude
it's like looking through a window yeah
I know we've said that so many times
before but this time no there's there's
levels there's levels of perfection you
know oh you know what no let's give him
a let's give him a sporting chance
that's he's had enough time yeah he's
had enough
time nice okay let's go equipment won't
make you a better gamer but it sure as
hell doesn't
hurt that's let's
go shoot
shoot enough of this though let's try a
game where I might actually be able to
do some damage let's play some Halo
infinite I have not played like at all
lately an error occurred while searching
for players please try again the error
is that nobody plays Halo infinite I was
just going to say they're out of players
whatever I like the game this looks
freaking awesome I don't even have hdr
on and this looks awesome look at my
skins
get out of my way
buddy can't miss heads
brother dude I love this Monitor and I
think I'll just game on this
now seriously okay well it can't do
anything about your game sucking but it
has support for all the various syncs uh
g-sync freyn premium I not sure how much
of a difference those are going to make
at these kinds of frame rates assuming
that you you got a suitably equipped PC
that accompanies it I do kind of want to
try one more round here running it like
medium details instead of Max that was
only at about 250 FPS and man feels
good it's not that much better for
animation smoothness or latency even
compared to 240 HZ or even 120 it's just
it's like the connection to the machine
it just feels tighter everything about
it you're not going to benefit from it
in every game uh Sonic Frontiers for
example of all things does not support
higher than 60 FPS is this supposed to
be a good game yeah I did
okay flipping back over to my computer I
really don't know if I'm going to be
able to make the same commitment for 50
Series even if it's expensive I might go
for it but that doesn't mean every game
is going to benefit from a high refresh
rate monitor and a really nice GPU uh
this is actually probably the game I've
put the most hours into over the last
couple of years and it really doesn't
need more than about 40 50
FPS and I kind of missed the bigger
Ultra wide display but hey it's always
going to be horses for courses and
lately I've been playing more FPS games
and I think I want to switch to this for
a while thanks Asus for sponsoring this
video if you want to check out this
monitor we're going to have it linked
down below and if you guys enjoyed this
video maybe go check out uh oh our first
reaction to high refresh rate ol gaming
it really is that good then and it's
that good
now oh I can't stop